WS2812 support for matrix and circles
=====================================
Several sources for WS2812 based tools are already available from online warehouses. Prices are going down, so lets give them a chance.
Espruino already supports graphics object for drawing. Simple animations or support of circle is not part (yet?). In a first step, some functions have been created in Javascript. Good part of the answer, it worked, bad part, its slow, and eats memory.
Some time ago, Gordon added a tutorial to add your own extension, written in C, to Javascript. This looked interesting and it was worth a try.
During this following extensions have been created.
Even with actual low prices for WS2812, only a few guys will ever ask for animation. Adding these functions to standard Espruino would be an overload. The answer to this is: create your own firmware. There are already a lot guys doing this. It takes some time to get development tools up and running. Next you have to do manual changes in makefile. If you don't want to spend the time for this, you could give a new ++__[Espruino Firmware Compiler](http://www.jumware.eu:89/file?fileName=Espruino/MakeFirmware)__++ a try.

####LedCircle####
- **createCircleBuffer()** Creates LEDCircle object with an Arraybuffer for LED-Circles
This is tested with 5 circle WS2812(CJMCU).
**returns** new LedCircle object
- **init(options)** Initializes color based on Javascript object. Similiar function to setColor.
Mainly implemented to have an example for object args
- **circleSize(circleSizes)** Sets number of Leds for each circle. Useful if your circles are soldered differently.
AFAIK, Array needs to have a size of 5, C doesn't really support resize of arrays.
If you know better, please let me know.
- **setColor(red,green,blue)** Sets color (red,green,blue) for following drawing commands.
Each color is a value from 0 to 255,
Recommendation for stable timing is to use 1 as lowest value
- **setColorHSB(hue,saturation,brightness)** Sets color for following drawings
Based on hue, saturation and brightness
Values are from 0 to 1
- **getColor()** returns actual color setting
**returns** color_Object
- **setPixel(circle,led)** Sets a pixel by circle and led in circle with Color set before
- **getPixel(circle,led)** Returns a buffer with color of pixel defined by circle and led
**returns** pixelBuffer
- **fill()** Fills all circles with same color
- **fillCircle(circle)** Draws a full circle
- **getCircle(circle)** Get a buffer with pixeldata from one led
**returns** circleBuffer
- **setCircle(circleBuffer,circle)** Sets a circle in internal buffer from buffer in circle
- **rotate(direction,circle)** Rotates pixel in circle, 2 = left, 3 = right