WS2812 support for matrix and circles
=====================================
Several sources for WS2812 based tools are already available from online warehouses. Prices are going down, so lets give them a chance.
Espruino already supports graphics object for drawing. Simple animations or support of circle is not part (yet?). In a first step, some functions have been created in Javascript. Good part of the answer, it worked, bad part, its slow, and eats memory.
Some time ago, Gordon added a tutorial to add your own extension, written in C, to Javascript. This looked interesting and it was worth a try.
During this following extensions and some ++__[tutorials](http://jumspruino.jumware.com/docu/Extensions/CreateEspruinoExtensions.html/)__++ have been created.
Even with actual low prices for WS2812, only a few guys will ever ask for animation. Adding these functions to standard Espruino would be an overload. The answer to this is: create your own firmware. There are already a lot guys doing this. It takes some time to get development tools up and running. Next you have to do manual changes in makefile. If you don't want to spend the time for this, you could give a new ++__[Espruino Firmware Compiler](http://www.jumware.eu:89/file?fileName=Espruino/MakeFirmware)__++ a try.

####LedMatrix####
- **createArrayBuffer(width,height)** Creates LEDMatrix object with an Arraybuffer for a LED-Matrix
This is tested with 8 by 8 WS2812 matrix. Others should work.
For other types with different timing, see setPulseLength
**returns** new LedMatrix object
- **setColor(red,green,blue)** Sets color (red,green,blue) for following drawing commands.
Each color is a value from 0 to 255,
Recommendation for stable timing is to use 1 as lowest value
- **setColorHSB(hue,saturation,brightness)** Sets color for following drawings
Based on hue, saturation and brightness
Values are from 0 to 1
- **setWindowSize(width,height)** Sets size of window for getWindow and setWindow
- **setPixel(row,column)** Sets a pixel by row andcolumn with Color set before
- **getPixel(row,column)** Returns a buffer with color of pixel defined by row and column
**returns** pixelBuffer
- **fill()** Fills whole matrix with same color
- **drawColumn(column)** Draws a full column
- **drawRow(row)** draws a full row
- **getRow(row)** Returns an arraybuffer with pixel data from one row
**returns** rowBuffer
- **setRow(rowBuffer,row)** Sets a row in internal buffer from buffer in row
- **getColumn(column)** Get a buffer with pixeldata from one column
**returns** columnBuffer
- **setColumn(columnBuffer,column)** Sets a column in internal buffer from buffer in column
- **getWindow(row,column)** Get a buffer with pixeldata from rect
**returns** rectBuffer
- **setWindow(pixelBuffer,row,column)** Sets a rect in internal buffer from buffer in row,column
- **shift(direction)** Shifts whole matrix into direction and clears new pixels
0 = up, 1 = down, 2 = left, 3 = right
- **rotate(direction)** Rotates pixel data in matrix
0 = up, 1 = down, 2 = left, 3 = right

